hello every day
today as you will have understood from the title vi
I propose simple earrings for
New Year therefore also suitable from
make beginners come to me
this idea because I was looking for a
simple jewel I don't feel like
put too many trinkets on it
I will pass out then to the cold
so no necklace, no bracelet
nothing in why i'm wrapped up is
the only thing left for me to do
put are earrings so I have
chose to make me some earrings
rather showy than he has seen
the preview already has an idea of ​​what
we are going to do and we need very few
materials so I think almost all of them
you have at home and will also be
very fast earrings
first of all we rely on the
chain
I chose this tico linarolo chain
they are 3 mm circles and if they are
will need several inches of
I can already see these onions
are the checks prepared we say vi
I will show in the tutorial how to do it anyway
the various colors
I chose mainly the tones
of gray and crystal black in fact
stay a while in the glittering theme of
new year and also because I see that
are the new trends of the moment but
We will also need'll show
Help
a drop in this case always of
red faceted glass because you know
bring red to new year say
lucky doors and us for not knowing either
read or write
we use it and in the latch read put
something obviously intimate then
then the classics will be needed
feet with a flat head or if
you want that ball if you like them if
you have those watermarked cups o
smooth cups if you like them
you decide pliers and nun is one
fairly large conjunction linen e
this of course for an earring
so then we will need two first
step
we say to do if we want is to
create some chain segments
I have already prepared as you can
see and are quite a few segments
long
we say that the longer it exceeds
then abundantly the four fingers
they are then about 10 cm to climb about 86
43 more or less we say that from dal
maximum length you want to get
the earring then climb two by two
centimeters to make the shorter one
until you get five segments done
this obviously you have to do them double
then two bodies two months long
you are lecce in order to do both
the earrings always that you don't
Please bring a single earring there
let's put aside the next step is
that of creating the pendants for the
our earring and so what we do
take a nail as I said
this very simple tutorial suitable
for beginners we insert a cup
to slide a spring onion or
a pearl however of those if you have
chosen another cup we push well
down let's explain our tack
we cut with our pliers or the
wire cutter about one centimeter more or
less distance to do the
important loop to have a loop
nice round use these pliers
contesting them
has a magnitude that is necessary and
to create our buttonhole and rotate them in
this way we will form a slot
completely round we have to do
all this procedure for i
spring onions and I show you how I am in
In this case , I have told you that
I had chosen four and I am also of
different sizes in my case
you can then develop the pendant
as you wish
let's take our pearl the drop
always the same story then nail
small cup and then use one of
these cone-shaped watermarked cups
if you don't have these cups you can do
a knot of goldsmithing give a little more
nice the tip of the gout I have it
blanket awakened pliers for why not
I liked the bare room we cut and even
here we make our buttonhole
if it is a little crooked we say it
with pliers and this one is ready too
I decided to put lagozza in the
then part in the longer chain
we are going to take our pieces of
chain we take our pliers
let's open the circle and start
insert our pearls at one end
and so we hold the first piece
obviously this could also be
an earring suitable for the new year if
we want to finish it so I go on
to complete all
all the fund the pollution of
successes sediments the chain and then
we assimilate the final part
good earring now that I have
completed as you can see all
various segments I procure my Nellino
joining him in hand with pliers
and start enter I enter in order
then given large to the smallest since
longer another short from the shorter to the
longer this then you decide for less
that you don't want to mix them in order
they create let's say a little more more
visible as they shuffled a bit to
Bunches know this does to your taste
I as I said before used several
colors if you don't like to put the drop
red you don't put it otherwise otherwise
you decide how to do it
finished putting everyone on ours
I put my nun and how
help of another clamp close close
well so that you do not escape anything
on thee they were born out of focus but to stay
with the camera is not simple and the
my earring is finished this is here
the end result is a beautiful one
beautiful waterfall of bellini sure if you want
do something more on the black on the
gray so much more matchable you are
very free to do so I have
decided to do something very very
visible almost a bit tacky but me
homes
nothing i hope the tutorial is there
liked this is also the other
earring and if I manage to make myself one
photo in which I wear them and I will take them
on my facebook page I greet you at
next video e
happy new year everyone and good new year hello